** NATO OBJECTIVES (Attack) **

	Locate the weapons storage building (town centre)
	1. Defuse the bomb rigged to blow the building
	2. Verify the existence of chemical weapons
	3. Get to the extraction point (limited time!)

** TANGO OBJECTIVES (Defend) **

	1. Prevent Nato from finding the WMDs
	2. Protect the bomb
	3. Prevent Nato from escaping the area

// MISSION

Time:           1100 ZULU, 8-21-2003
Location:       Near Basra, Iraq

// SITUATION

NATO forces occupied the Iraqi city of Basra.
An Iraqi informant has come forward with
information revealing that Iraqi forces
retreated to an area just outside of the city
during the time of occupation. Documents
recovered earlier in the war contain
information leading NATO commanders to
believe there was a large quantity of VX gas
located in Basra in chemical weapons
containers. They now believe it's possible
that those containers were moved along with
the retreating soldiers to an area outside
the city.

// BACKGROUND

VX gas was developed in Wiltshire, England,
in 1952. It has a low volatility, is odorless,
and is an excellent adhesive. A special form
has been developed that is so adhesive that
it is virtually impossible to remove from the
surface that it is in contact with.

The Iraqi forces in the area are believed to
be special Republican Guard forces, which is
unusual - these forces are normally found
within Baghdad.
