** NATO OBJECTIVES (Attack) **

	Place demo charges on the SCUD (2)

** TANGO OBJECTIVES (Defend) **

	Prevent NATO from disabling the SCUD

// MISSION

Time:           1400 ZULU
Location:       Near Tikrit, Iraq

// SITUATION

NATO forces have been dispatched near Tikrit as 
intelligence photos indicate the presence of a
mobile SCUD missile launcher in the area. The
SCUD site is designated to be well protected
and guarded by supporters of the old regime.
The SCUD must be destroyed at all costs to
bring stability to the area and to prevent its
use against Coalition troops or supporters of
the new Iraqi government.

// BACKGROUND

Iraq began launching short-range ballistic
missiles (known as SCUDs) at Israel and
Coalition forces soon after the Gulf War air
campaign began on January 17, 1991. At the
start of Operation Iraqi Freedom, special
operations groups joined up with British forces
to search for and destroy these SCUD missile
sites before they could be used against
Coalition forces. Many were found and destroyed
at the start of the war, yet many slipped
through the grip of NATO forces only to be
discovered after the war was officially
declared over.