** NATO OBJECTIVES (Attack) **

	Disarm the bombs (3):
	- Dining room
	- Conference room 3
	- Bedroom 2

** TANGO OBJECTIVES (Defend) **

	Prevent disarmament of the bombs


// MISSION

Time:           0136 ZULU
Location:       Chicago, U.S.

// SITUATION

Islamic extremists have stormed the Fairmont
Hotel and placed several bombs throughout the
facility. During the raid, a fire alarm was
activated by a tourist, prompting an evacuation
of the hotel before the guests and staff could
be taken hostage. The terrorists are surrounded,
trapped within the hotel, and not willing to
surrender. The city of Chicago has given the
order to assault the hotel complex, neutralize
any threat to the facility, and immediately
disarm the bombs.

// BACKGROUND

The Fairmont Hotel was expecting a summit
meeting of world leaders from dozens of nations
later in the night to discuss trade agreements
and global economic growth. Due to poor planning,
the aggressors within the hotel arrived early,
before they could pose a greater threat to the
summit. Intelligence gathered from the
surveillance tape recordings of the raid
indicate that there are bombs planted in the
main floor washroom, Conference Room #3, and
guest Room #3.

