** NATO OBJECTIVES (Attack) **

	Disable the bombs (2)
	1. in the engine room
	2. in the torpedo bay

** TANGO OBJECTIVES (Defend) **

	Prevent NATO from defusing the bombs


// MISSION

Time:           0100 ZULU
Location:       Baltic Sea

// SITUATION

An OpFor has seized control of the HMS Triumph,
an SSN-107 Trafalgar class submarine. We are
unaware of their intentions, as they have
refused any contact with us. At this point it is
unclear exactly how they knew the location of
the ship and its cargo, but it is possible that
they had inside help. Whatever their plan for
the submarine, it is likely that they have wired
the ship with bombs. According to experts, it
would require two well-placed bombs to sink a
Trafalgar from inside.  Needless to say, we
cannot allow this to happen. Board the ship,
defuse the bombs, eliminate the OpFor, and
re-establish control of the HMS Trafalgar. Be
advised: The enemy is armed and knows that you
are coming.

// BACKGROUND

Little is known of the opposing force controlling
the HMS Triumph, but it is likely that they have
some form of para-military training. It is also
likely that they are funded and backed by a
government or terrorist organization of some sort. 